Speech controller refactor (#2348)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added a speed limit indicator to the upper-left corner of the map view during turn-by-turn navigation (upper-right corner in CarPlay). To hide the speed limit indicator, set the `NavigationViewController.showsSpeedLimits` property to `false`. To customize the indicator’s colors, configure `SpeedLimitView`’s appearance proxy inside a `Style` subclass. ([#2291](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2291))

### Spoken instructions

> * Introduced `SpeechSynthesizing` for implementing custom Speech Synthesizing engines, as well as built-in implementations `SystemSpeechSynthesizer` and `MapboxSpeechSynthesizer` for system SpeechSynthesizer and Mapbox Speech engine respectively. This splits `RouteVoiceController` functionality into separate parts. `MapboxVoiceController` is replaced with alternative `SpeechSynthesizersController` which allows multiple Synthesizers with a fallback mechanism. ([#2268(https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2348)])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Replaced `RouteVoiceController` and `MapboxVoiceController` with `SpeechSynthesizerController`. `SpeechSynthesizerController` coordinates multiple cascading speech synthesizers. By default, the controller still tries to speak instructions via the Mapbox Voice API (`MapboxSpeechSynthesizer`) before falling back to VoiceOver (`SystemSpeechSynthesizer`), but you can also provide your own speech synthesizer that conforms to the `SpeechSynthesizing` protocol. ([#2268](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2348))
```

I realize RouteVoiceController technically still exists, but it’s no longer as interesting to the application developer as something that can be swapped out; it’s more likely that the developer would want to swap out individual speech synthesizers.

* Fixed an issue where the current road name label contained an oversized route shield when the current map style was a custom style created in Mapbox Studio. ([#2357](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2357))

### Spoken instructions

> * Replaced `RouteVoiceController` and `MapboxVoiceController` with `SpeechSynthesizerController`. `SpeechSynthesizerController` coordinates multiple cascading speech synthesizers. By default, the controller still tries to speak instructions via the Mapbox Voice API (`MapboxSpeechSynthesizer`) before falling back to VoiceOver (`SystemSpeechSynthesizer`), but you can also provide your own speech synthesizer that conforms to the `SpeechSynthesizing` protocol. ([#2268](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2348))

Reviewer 2: Looks like PR references should be used in changelist:
```suggestion
* Replaced `RouteVoiceController` and `MapboxVoiceController` with `SpeechSynthesizerController`. `SpeechSynthesizerController` coordinates multiple cascading speech synthesizers. By default, the controller still tries to speak instructions via the Mapbox Voice API (`MapboxSpeechSynthesizer`) before falling back to VoiceOver (`SystemSpeechSynthesizer`), but you can also provide your own speech synthesizer that conforms to the `SpeechSynthesizing` protocol. ([#2348](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2348))
```
